hello everyone is bob baum 64 it's quick
little fly over the city just my little
red stone compartment but as you can see
in the video I'm focusing more on this
this stuff over here this is my wheel
fortune type thing I don't notice call
it spin to win wheel fortune somebody
can come up her name this it'll be
awesome this is what it looks like on
the outside um hard hard to understand I
can tell you that much I hope it works
actually it's not working right now so
you can see redstone and multiplayer is
kind of laggy right now so you can see
that it's on even though it should be
off like I don't know why it's doing
that there we go you need delays on it
if you own a tutorial I'm more than
happy to do this um okay it's all set so
all you do let that go and it'll
randomly just flash around it should be
on single player it's a lot more flowing
and it's a pretty damn hard to get the
jackpot um I mean one person are the
only ones to ever get and chumpy never
played with them or you've never seen
him so as you can see i didn't get
jackpot it's it's hard to do um that's
this is a word that's my texture pack
but this is my friends attempt at a slot
machine it failed so I decided okay I'm
an upstage you and build my own and this
is what I came up with
so I gotta go and step on the pressure
plate every year which is where your
controller will be and all you're going
to do is just go right here click the
button to redstone and so I got two
times never a bit which is my economy so
whatever I got I got whatever i bet i
would get and also recently making this
video's to berks step i believe let me
check real quick hope is still recording
sorry um roll sorry I forgot your name
so quickly I like just read your comment
or your comment to my comment okay so
anyways viv stud that's who thinking for
this video good stud um there you go
that's that my wheel fortune type thing
I really don't know what the fucking
call it and then last thing last but
definitely not least definitely it took
me days to build this simple roulette
machine right now it's very it's very
much prototype basically when I do that
let me go walk down here hopefully know
this shit is fucked up ok Danny replaces
they can see this it'll capture little
firstly it'll stop it from it's just a
memory cell it's hard to explain just
when I do this I need to go reset this
so I go over here disconnect reconnect
and now I just flicked the switch and
just let it go at it it takes a really
long time so I'm actually going just
kind of look down here you can see right
up to inverter with tons of repeaters at
a huge delay go into this redstone so it
looks like this one one first looks like
am i right yes it is and it'll change
for whatever you do so whenever I turn
that on and let's just automatically
switch just showing you did get that one
and so now you turn and reset it I'm
going to have a reset button for that
but this is my roulette machine I'm
probably gonna do the big step one which
he saw time I pan I'll probably put the
annotation somewhere in the corner top
right you should check it out it's a
definitely different idea for mine she'd
have like 12 that's that's how mine
would be set up his is like a track you
got my card going around it you got
trying to stop it on these signs that
say diamond dirt one not very
interesting idea this is just me coming
up with the random system I did get in
case you guys are CaptainSparklez front
fans this is from his voxel Bach voxel
box thing cuz I do i do enjoy watching
CaptainSparklez and this just has that
hooked up to my own memory cell because
I had no I had no fucking clue what
there's was so I made my own and this is
what it end up being say hey guys this
pom-pom 64 thanks to big step and I'm
out here bringing